OK, let's clean things up a little bit here, because we probably won't need the failure because that
same thing as error.
Besides, it's too harsh.
Let's get rid of failure altogether.
And also noticed because I.
Copy and paste, this is a good lesson for loading here I sit idle, so this should be.
Loading.
Yes, OK, of course, that should change some of our results here.
Let's run one more time.
OK.
C went straight to loading and then success in error.
This is the correct thing that should work.
This is the correct order as well.
So as we see here using this enum class, it's really powerful in so many ways because we're able to
create some sort of state, create this state handling.
And it works fine.
But what if you wanted to say, print unique success messages, depending on the data fetched?
That means if it's success, we want to be able to pass along more information to success if we need
to to make this more flexible, say if the message we are receiving from the network is X, we want
to pass that X and more information about that X or about that data we're receiving.
Same goes to our idol loading and so forth.
The way things are right now with enum classes, in order for us to be able to pass metadata or data
into our inner arms here, we would have to have something like this, a structure like this.
We can say file data and then say we want a string type or into whatever we want.
But as you see here, we have a compilation error because this enum class, it won't allow us to do
so.
That's one limitation.
So we're limited to only pass these one types.
There are specific like this success error idle in loading.
That's the limit we have we can't attach anything to any of these types like this, but we want to be
able to do something like this because that will make our state more flexible and we can add more data
for each one of these types.
Each one of these stages, each one of these states.
So how do we get that result?
How are we able to accomplish that?
Well, to solve this problem, we can't inherit from an abstract class.
What is this call this thing called abstract class?
We'll get to that.
So an abstract class, as the name implies, is more of an abstraction of what something is supposed
to be.
For instance, if I say something like this, this is just a conversation.
If I say Here is a chair.
Conceptually, you understand what a charity is.
You can grasp that, and it's something that is that exists in the real world right now.
If I say again a triangle, OK, you understand he has a triangle, has three sides.
There we go.
You understand that you can grasp that there are forms of a triangle that you can go by or create and
you can hold it a triangle.
OK, very good.
What if I say shape?
When I talk about shape, you conceptually understand what a shape is.
A triangle is a shape, but a shape is not a triangle.
That means the shape is very abstract shape.
We don't we can't really touch shape as it is.
We can touch a triangle, a rectangle circle, which is a form of a shape, but shape itself.
It's not really anything that we can grasp or that we can hold.
It's just an abstract idea.
Does that make sense?
So an abstract class really represents those abstract ideas.
In this case, it's a class whose functionality has not yet been implemented.
A shape in this case would be a class whose functionality has not yet been implemented.
We only implement it shape if we have a triangle, rectangle circle and so forth.
So this abstract class can be used to create specific object that conform to its protocol to its rules.
So we're going to use an abstract class for state management instead of using the Enum class here because
it will give us that flexibility that we need.
So let's go ahead.
I'm going to go ahead and comment this out and right away.
I'm going to say abstract.
There we go, and I'm going to say class, and I'm going to say a result.
OK.
And that's it.
We don't have to do anything.
And then for each one of these types we had inside of our inner, I'm here, I'm going to create a data
class for each one of those.
Remember, a data glass allows us to just hold data, which is exactly what we want at this point.
We'll say data class and I'm going to say success and now look at this.
Now I can actually pass something like this foul data fetched attached to the success data class.
Remember, this is the constructor primer constructor, which means these whatever we're passing right
now, here is going to be what?
Well, that's the property of this class.
And I'm going to say types going to be string, and I want these to be knowledgeable.
That's why I'm going to attach to it a an exclamation point.
The beauty here is that, of course, we have this data class, but the whole idea is that what we want
to be able to do to get that flexibility we want, we want to make it so that this one, this access
data will conform to the result abstract class to implement it.
So I'm going to say this case inherits all right.
And then I'm going to say, result like this.
And of course, we're going to have to put inside it.
We have to put those parentheses there.
What we're saying here is that success now can now emit a unique string, which is this dead effect
here could be anything you could call.
Message data doesn't matter.
And we can do the same thing for others.
We're going to copy paste into success.
This is going to be error in this case here.
I'm going to just say error.
It's fine.
And actually, let's make it an exception like this, and it's going to be an exception type cuddling
type like that.
OK.
And of course, we are still going to extend result.
So again, we're saying here now because it's a data class error.
We're passing this exception, which means we can emit.
Unique exception of values as we go through the states now, if we don't want to admit anything really
meaning we don't want to pass any data when we are at that state, we can just use objects like this
to say this is not going to meet anything when, say, for instance, not loading, right?
This will just not too much, really.
But we still are going to adhere to our abstract class conform to result abstract class that you can
see the same thing with another one here, for instance.
Loading.
And just say, result like this.
Now, when we have this creator at this point, obviously we're not using it.
We're not using any of these data classes or object classes there.
We have a problem here.
So it makes sense because we're no longer using the ENAM, so we have to change a few things.
So in our repository here for load state.
First of all, instead of idle, I'm just going to use what we have not loading, right?
And then this stays the same now for load state.
I'm just going to go ahead and say, Loading.
Right.
That's all we need.
We're not going to emit really anything.
And then that stays the same now finished here for success.
I'm going to just say success.
I this is the beauty success.
Now I can pass data.
Look at this for data fetched can emit something in this case, and I see that effect now because these
two have the same name.
I can just omit one of them so I can just get rid of this and pass suggested of fetched like that.
Look at this.
Now I'm meeting messages.
Through my state machine system, here are now when there's an error, what it can do, I can just say
error, think of creating that and then in this case, I'm going to pass an exception.
And it's going to pass.
Exception, this has to be codling exception.
Look, there's a difference here.
One coddling exception.
And then we can pass a message hearsay exception and everything else stays the same.
Now we also have to go change, of course, the results here now because we using data classes, we're
using abstract.
Now we can change this.
In fact, if you see all option, enter.
First of all, it's going to ask us to use the else branch because it's necessary because we're using
a class per say now, first of all, let's go ahead and change.
All of this can be to follow this altogether.
And now I'm going to use is OK error.
There's an error.
Let's make sure we're getting our error and not anybody else, right?
If there's an error, then I am going to say we can put in of curly braces there.
Print, I learned.
When I say load result in this case, that exception I want to string, so we're going to take the exception.
So we're going to take the immediate value, which is an exception and just make it to string so we
can see it.
In other case, is success like that in this case?
I'm going to print and.
I'm going to say load actually said result.
Look at this dot data fetched.
I'm invoking those properties or immediate values, and then I'm going to just go ahead and make sure
that if, if, if something happens, we can pass.
This message just says, ensure you start the fetch function first.
Something like this and then is loading.
That's the case, then print or land.
In this case, we don't emit anything really because we just passed object in this case for loading.
Remember, we are not emitting anything, just object to object there, and it's fine.
But we can still pass a message here that says.
Loading.
Now the case for stock not loading.
We have some issues when I can see something like print L.A. idle like this.
Now we must add and else here it's expected because we've changed the types.
The moment we have data classes and abstract classes involved or any class for that matter, then this
has to change, which means return when will require us to pass an ounce.
In this case, I'm going to say print a message, it says.
Not available something like this.
So let's go ahead and get rid of some of these issues there just imports that are not welcome.
All right, so let's go ahead and run this real quick.
Aha.
And there we go!
It says loading data.
Javelin exception.
So there we go.
So loading.
We got data and we called exception.
Now the important thing here is that we're able to emit messages.
This is very powerful because this data here can be anything that we set up and we can omit information
as the states, as the state machine goes through its process.
It's really, really, really important concept, especially when we go and start actually creating
applications that need the system together so that we can actually have data.
We know what data we're getting and we can work with that data.
We can wrap that data around that state and can use it whenever we need to.
It may seem kind of like overkill, I understand.
But believe me, this is a very important concept and you need to master this concept.
You have to understand what's going on.
You have to understand how to use state in this case.
OK, now you notice that we are doing really well at this point, but as you see here, we lost something
that's really important, which is the restricted set of types of enemies was really great, right?
That was essential because we didn't have to pass this out here.
Now, with creating in this case, our abstract class result here because we are implementing result
class now, the compiler is going to complain if we don't add this else here, OK?
This else branch.
The reason why is because the compiler cannot tell whether the when statement.
Is exhaustive or not.
Meaning that he doesn't know if this is the end, because we could have more other more than just these
states.
Right?
So that's one thing we lost when we got rid of it now because enemies is exhaustive, it knows exactly
these are the types that we were passing, and that's all.
But when we start creating, I've started classes like we did here, creating our SIG machine where
we were able to pass data along, emit data then that we lose that because the compiler assumes that
it can have many, many other types, hundreds and hundreds of types, of course, if you need to hear.
So that's why it has to.
We have to pass an Alciere.
Now there's a way to fix this shortcoming.
It's a small, but it's very important, and we're going to learn about that in the next few.